
Extracting features from sample email (emailSample1.txt)

==== Processed Email ====

anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon anyon 
anyon 

=========================
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know 
know know know know know know know know know know 

=========================
how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how 

=========================
much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much much much much much much much much much much much much much 
much much much 

=========================
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it 

=========================
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 
cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 

=========================
to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 

=========================
host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host host host host host host host host host host 
host host host host host host 

=========================
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 
a a a 

=========================
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 
web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web web 

=========================

portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 
portal portal portal portal portal portal portal 

=========================
well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well 
well well well well 

=========================
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it 
it it it it it it it it 

=========================
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 
depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend depend 

=========================

on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on on 
on 

=========================
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how how 
how how how how how how how how how how how 
